docs: update AGENTS.md with CHANGELOG conventions (#8393)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go: AGENTS.md

- Prefer examples over long code snippets in GoDoc when practical.
- Keep docs aligned with actual behavior. Do not leave stale comments, stale examples, or stale package documentation behind.
- For user-visible changes, update `CHANGELOG.md` under the appropriate `Added`, `Changed`, `Deprecated`, `Fixed`, or `Removed` section within `## [Unreleased]`.
  - Always put the PR number at the end of the line (e.g., `(#1234)`), NOT the issue number.

>   - When initially pushing the change (before the PR is created), use `(#TODO)` for the PR number. Update it to the actual PR number once the PR has been created.

Author: ```suggestion
  - If the PR number is not yet known, omit it until the PR is created, then update the changelog entry before merging.
```

>   - Always use references to the go module that is updated (e.g., `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/sdk/metric`), instead of just the path (e.g., `sdk/metric`).

Reviewer: Just after merging I had a second thought that maybe it should be in `CONTRIBUTING.md` instead :sweat_smile:
